I only threw this party for you
Only threw this party for you, for you, for you
I was hopin' you would come through
I was hopin' you would come through, it's true, it's true
Only threw this party for you
I only threw this party for you, for you, for you
I'm about to party on you
Watch me, watch me party on you, yeah
1000 pink balloons, DJ with your favorite tunes
Birthday cake in August, but you were born 19th of June
Champagne pourin' in your mouth, called your friends from out of town
Got the party bag with the purple pills and I'm waiting for you by the window, yeah
Called your digits, but the phone kept ringin'
Wish I knew what you were thinking, na-na-na
1000 pink balloons, dancin' on to your favorite tunes
Hope you walk in the party, 'cause I threw the party just for you, like whoa
I only threw this party for you
Only threw this party for you, for you, for you
I was hopin' you would come through
I was hopin' you would come through, it's true, it's true
Only threw this party for you
I only threw this party for you, for you, for you
I'm about to party on you
Watch me, watch me party on you, yeah
You could watch me pull up on your body like it's summer
Take my clothes off in the water
Splash around and get you blessed like holy water
I don't know what you were waiting for, you know that I've been waiting for you
I only threw this party for you
Yeah, if you saw my tears, would you touch me?
Kiss me on the mouth, say you love me?
Leave a message, tell me you're sorry?
Hit me right back, hit me right back
Why you treating me like someone that you never loved?
I only threw this party for you
Only threw this party for you, for you, for you
I was hopin' you would come through
I was hopin' you would come through, it's true, it's true
Only threw this party for you
I only threw this party for you, for you, for you
I'm about to party on you
Watch me, watch me party on you, yeah
I only threw this party for you
Only threw this party for you, for you, for you
I was hopin' you would come through
I was hopin' you would come through, it's true, it's true
Only threw this party for you
I only threw this party for you, for you, for you
I'm about to party on you
Watch me, watch me party on you, yeah
Party on you, party on you, party on
Come to my party
All I'm thinking, all I know is
That I hope you knock on my door
Nervous energy, my heart rate
Rises higher, higher up
I wish you'd get here, kiss my face
Instead, you're somewhere far away
My nervous energy will stay
I hope you realize one day, uh
Come to my party
Party on you, party on you, party on
Party on you